com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/receiver/CustomUsageStats.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.receiver.CustomUsageStats
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/fragments/ViewPagerFragment.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.ViewPagerFragment
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.ViewPagerFragment$PagerAdaptor
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/utils/MyApplication.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.MyApplication
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/database/Database.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.database.Database
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/receiver/MonitorBootReceiver.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.receiver.MonitorBootReceiver
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/database/Dao.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.database.Dao
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/models/CustomUsageEvents.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.models.CustomUsageEvents
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/activities/AppUsageStatisticsActivity.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.activities.AppUsageStatisticsActivity
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.activities.AppUsageStatisticsActivity$1
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/adapters/StatsAdapter.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.adapters.StatsAdapter
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/utils/Tools.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.Tools
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/database/DataBaseHelper.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.database.DataBaseHelper
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/models/DisplayEventEntity.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.models.DisplayEventEntity
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/fragments/AppUsageService.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.AppUsageService
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/utils/Constants.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.Constants
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/adapters/ScrollAdapter.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.adapters.ScrollAdapter
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/receiver/BootCompletedReceiver.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.receiver.BootCompletedReceiver
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/activities/NotificationActivity.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.activities.NotificationActivity
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.activities.NotificationActivity$1
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.activities.NotificationActivity$2
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.activities.NotificationActivity$3
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.activities.NotificationActivity$4
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.activities.NotificationActivity$5
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/utils/DisplaySize.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.DisplaySize
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/BuildConfig.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.BuildConfig
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/adapters/UsageListAdapter.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.adapters.UsageListAdapter
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.adapters.UsageListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/utils/Common.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.Common
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/recycler/TotalItem.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.recycler.TotalItem
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.recycler.TotalItem$1
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.recycler.TotalItem$ItemFactory
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.recycler.TotalItem$ViewHolder
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/services/NotificationService.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.services.NotificationService
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/utils/FormatEventsViewModel.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.FormatEventsViewModel
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.FormatEventsViewModel$1
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.FormatEventsViewModel$2
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.FormatEventsViewModel$3
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/services/PopulateDatabaseService.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.services.PopulateDatabaseService
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.services.PopulateDatabaseService$1
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.services.PopulateDatabaseService$2
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.services.PopulateDatabaseService$3
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/utils/AppList.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.utils.AppList
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/activities/OptionsActivity.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.activities.OptionsActivity
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/models/AppFilteredEvents.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.models.AppFilteredEvents
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/fragments/MostAppUsageStatisticsFragment.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.MostAppUsageStatisticsFragment
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.MostAppUsageStatisticsFragment$1
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.MostAppUsageStatisticsFragment$2
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.MostAppUsageStatisticsFragment$AlphabeticComparator
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.MostAppUsageStatisticsFragment$AsyncTaskRunner
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.MostAppUsageStatisticsFragment$StatsUsageInterval
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.MostAppUsageStatisticsFragment$timeInForegroundComparator
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/fragments/AppDetailFragment.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.AppDetailFragment
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.AppDetailFragment$1
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/adapters/MostUsageListAdapter.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.adapters.MostUsageListAdapter
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.adapters.MostUsageListAdapter$1
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.adapters.MostUsageListAdapter$1$1
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.adapters.MostUsageListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/services/Monitor.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.services.Monitor
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.services.Monitor$1
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.services.Monitor$1$1
com/vatsal/android/digitaldetox/fragments/AppUsageStatisticsFragment.java
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.AppUsageStatisticsFragment
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.AppUsageStatisticsFragment$1
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.AppUsageStatisticsFragment$2
 com.vatsal.android.digitaldetox.fragments.AppUsageStatisticsFragment$3
